fix: clarify basic explanation of This keyword (#32806)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/this/index.md

{{jsSidebar("Operators")}}

> **`this`** is a keyword that refers to the context where the function is supposed to run. It is useful when a function is supposed to be reused in different contexts, such as the same method being used on different objects.
> 
> Unlike in several other programming languages, the value of **`this`** keyword in JavaScript depends on the code that is being executed. It also has some differences between [strict mode](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode) and non-strict mode. Some of the common values of `this` are: the [global object](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Global_object); within an object method `this` is the current object; within an event listener `this` is the HTML element that the event occurred on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`this`** keyword refers to the context where a piece of code, such as a function's body, is supposed to run. In the most typical use case of methods, it refers to the object that the function is attached to, thus allowing the same function to be reused as a method on different objects.

Unlike in several other programming languages, the value of **`this`** keyword in JavaScript depends on the code that is being executed. It also has some differences between [strict mode](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Strict_mode) and non-strict mode. Some of the common values of `this` are: the [global object](/en-US/docs/Glossary/Global_object); within an object method `this` is the current object; within an event listener `this` is the HTML element that the event occurred on.
```

Author: Thank you, this is better! Now that we've gone so far in changing the first two para's of the intro, I suggest we also change the last one. Otherwise the 2nd and 3rd paragraphs talk about "the value of `this`" each in its own way. And the last para was somewhat too general, in particular "It can't be set by assignment during execution, and it may be different each time the function is called." See my new version, please.

Inside a function, the value of `this` depends on how the function is called. Think about `this` as a hidden parameter of a function — just like the parameters declared in the function definition, `this` is a binding that the language creates for you when the function body is evaluated.

> For a typical function, the value of `this` is the object that the function is accessed on. In other words, if the function call is in the form `obj.f()`, then `this` refers to `obj`. For example:

Reviewer: A "typical function" means a "non-bound, non-arrow" function. It does not imply that it's attached to an object.

Author: Thanks! Reverted most of the change, but modified "typical" based on your explanation

Inside a function, the value of `this` depends on how the function is called. Think about `this` as a hidden parameter of a function — just like the parameters declared in the function definition, `this` is a binding that the language creates for you when the function body is evaluated.

> For a regular function (not an arrow function), the value of `this` is the object that the function is accessed on. In other words, if the function call is in the form `obj.f()`, then `this` refers to `obj`. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a regular function (not an arrow function, bound function, etc.), the value of `this` is the object that the function is accessed on. In other words, if the function call is in the form `obj.f()`, then `this` refers to `obj`. For example:
```
